Fix typos and pseudo-typos 5 (#36246)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/global_attributes/lang/index.md

- Script subtag
  - : Optional. This subtag defines the writing system used for the language, and is always 4 characters long, with the first letter capitalized. For example, French-in-Braille is `fr-Brai` and `ja-Kana` is Japanese written with the Katakana alphabet. If the language is written in a highly typical way, like English in the Latin alphabet, there is no need to use this subtag.
- Region subtag

>   - : Optional. This subtag defines a dialect of the base language from a particular location, and is either 2 letters in ALL CAPS matching a country code, or 3 numbers matching a non-country area. For example, `es-ES` is for Spanish as spoken in Spain, and `es-013` is Spanish as spoken in Central America. "International Spanish" would just be `es`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Optional. This subtag defines a dialect of the base language from a particular location and is either two upper-case letters matching a country code or three numbers matching a non-country area. For example, `es-ES` is for Spanish as spoken in Spain, and `es-013` is Spanish as spoken in Central America. "International Spanish" would just be `es`.
```
